gh-684 document box.snapshot() for vinyl (#1435)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_snapshot.rst

    in automation: a signal provides no way to find out whether the snapshot
    was taken successfully or not.

    **Vinyl**

    In vinyl, inserted data is stacked in memory until the limit, set in

>     :ref:`vinyl_memory <cfg_storage-vinyl_memory>` parameter, is reached. Then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the :ref:`vinyl_memory <cfg_storage-vinyl_memory>` parameter, is reached. Then
```

Author: fixed in 36c09b2

>     vinyl automatically dumps it to a disc. ``box.snapshot()`` forces doing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vinyl automatically dumps it to the disc. ``box.snapshot()`` forces
```

    this dump in order to have the ability to recover from this checkpoint.
    The snapshot files are stored in :samp:`{space_id}/{index_id}/*.run`.
    Thus, strictly all the data that was written at the time of LSN of the

>     checkpoint is in the `*.run` files on the disk, and all operations that happened

Reviewer: Please mark all file names in this commit with double quotes:

```
 ``*.run`` but not `*.run`
```

Single quotes will be rendered in italics, which is harder to read than the monotype font that we get with double quotes.

Author: fixed in 36c09b2

    after the checkpoint will be written in the `*.xlog`. All dump files created
    by ``box.snapshot()`` are consistent and have the same LSN as checkpoint.

    At the checkpoint vinyl also rotates the metadata log `*.vylog`, containing

>     data manipulation operations like «create file» and «delete file». It goes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    data manipulation operations like "create file" and "delete file". It goes
```

    through the log, removes duplicating operations from the memory and creates

>     new `*.vylog` file, giving it the name according to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a new `*.vylog` file, giving it the name according to the
```

    :ref:`vclock <box_introspection-box_info>` of the new checkpoint, with

>     «create» operations only. This procedure cleans `*.vylog` and is useful for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "create" operations only. This procedure cleans `*.vylog` and is useful for
```
